Dear ALC with Google Udacity i have really enjoyed this experience more than anything else in the world right now.
i really love coding undisputedly
i have not been able to do some of these challenges in this program not because i didnt want to but because i was not
permitted to. My country (Cameroon) is in an insecure state right now and it started being so from october 2016 but it wasnt this serious.
i enrolled into this program and hoped to finish it and do all the challenges and pass them too, but these days have been the worst days
of my life since i was born. We the anglophones of cameroon are suffering from oppression and marginalization from our French government.
Our Anglophone brothers are tired of this situation and want to liberate us by picking up arms. since the 1st of october 2017 this
battle stopped being a diplomatic one and turned to a physical one. I am writing all this to you to explain why i havent been able to
complete some challenges including this one. As i am writing this to you know throughout this week my backyard has been a battlefield. These
anglophone fighters have decided to move in to Buea which was earlier safe from this crises. These days we dont sleep nor go out. There is
constant shooting all day everyday i cant focus nor turn on the light at night because it is dangerous. My first machine was distroyed by
the military in fear that i could post facts about their brutatlity to the people. The same fate goes to evey other phone or tablet or computer
they see with someone else. i took this one from a cousin to atleast do the front end of the challenge so i can then tell you why i didnt
it. thanks for your time i would love to be enrolled into this program some other year so i could get the degree, get a job and help my family
out of this country. And have a better life. Programming is my only chance because my father is no more and my college education is hanging by
a thread now because of financial issues. And even if i get all this i wouldnt be able to go back to school with this crisis at hand. I pray
it ends soon. Thank you for giving me this opportunity.. I will be honoured to have it again. My name is Ebai Takor Glenhalton Takor...   
